BZ1957067: Explain the route domain configuration (#52393)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-creating-a-route.adoc

    kind: Service
    name: hello-openshift
----

> <1> `<Ingress_Domain>` is the default ingress domain name. The `ingresses.config/cluster` object gets created during the installation. You cannot change the `ingresses.config/cluster` object. If you want to specify a different domain, you can specify an alternative cluster domain using the `appsDomain` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> `<Ingress_Domain>` is the default ingress domain name. The `ingresses.config/cluster` object is created during the installation and cannot be changed. If you want to specify a different domain, you can specify an alternative cluster domain using the `appsDomain` option.
```

Author: Addressed
